hey everyone so today I wanted to do a
video just kind of updating you guys on
some stuff and just kind of mentioning
some things that are pretty important so
first of all if you haven't noticed
something is a little bit different and
it's something very very small but yes I
did go ahead and get my ears pierced
which is something that I've been
talking about doing ever since I've been
on YouTube it is a little bit weird that
I'm 17 years old and I didn't have my
ears pierced honestly I just I never
really had any interest when I was a lot
younger to get them pierced when I was
like 12 or 13 I was just afraid of
getting them pierced because I have a
pretty low pain tolerance and I was just
like oh it's gonna hurt too much like
I'll just put it off and tell them older
and then recently I've been wanting to
get them pierce I just always would kind
of say oh I'll do it next weekend I'll
do the next weekend and then it just
progressed who me never doing it so I
finally went and got them done I got
them done with my little sister Mia and
we actually went tonight and she has
already had her ears pierced from when
she was 8 years old and now she's 10 so
she was like you can do it it's not that
bad and it really honestly wasn't that
bad at all on a scale of 1 to 10 I think
it was like a 1 or 2 um I really think
that if you're wanting to get your ears
pierced go for it because I really am
someone that I cannot handle a lot of
pain and it really wasn't bad I feel
like I was way more nervous than it
actually hurt and you know you'll see in
the footage that I have Mia filmed it so
it's a little bit shaky and out of focus
but you can still get the whole idea of
me sitting in the chair and you can tell
I'm like a little tense a little nervous
and then she Pierce's one ear and then
I'm like that was it like that's fine
and then she does the other one and then
it's done so I'm gonna go ahead and roll
that footage now okay guys so today
we're at the mall and there's a title
I'm going to go ahead and get my ears
pierced
we already have some Spears but on a
dress you mine
hey guys so Megan is about to get your
ears serious I've got mine done like
three years ago but I take them out for
cheer and I'm gonna be filming her get
them done
there it's done are you crying
now the next one hurts more I'm joking
all right so I got them fuse and it did
not I feel really silly for waiting so
long but you cares and if you want to
get your you're used to definitely do it
it really doesn't hurt I promise you and
it's really quick - all right so that
was my ear piercing experience and the
best this is my first piercing and I
don't really think I'm gonna get
anything else pierced I know I don't
know let me know in the comments if you
guys have like your second hole or if
you had like you're building a beer so
we're I don't know your tongue or
whatever you have Pierce if you have
anything Pierce this is my first so and
I thought getting my ears whose probably
something I needed to do because I want
to be able to wear cute earrings and
stuff and I know I have to keep these in
first definitely I know that I'll but
anyways I also want to mention the
blockers contest which if you haven't
heard about it you can win a trip to New
York City with a friend and you can also
have a Rent the Runway gift card for
$500 to pick out any dress on the site
and I just think that's an absolutely
super amazing fun contest and I want to
make sure that you guys hear about it so
if you're interested in entering you can
do so we'll have some of the contest
rules and stuff below but I made a video
completely all about the contest and
everything that you need to know to
enter and I will go ahead and link that
below too and if you're interested in
entering the contest you definitely
should go ahead and watch the video that
I'll have linked below and enter soon
because you have to create a lockers
collection kind of a New Year's Eve
themed collection and you have to do it
by December 10th so the deadline is
coming pretty soon and if you want to
enter that I definitely want to make
sure you have the chance and you have
all the knowledge about the contest
because I think it's an absolutely
amazing contest and if I were one of you
I would want to do it
so I also wanted to go ahead and mention
the nail polish that I have on that's
not a nail polish nail polish that I
have on it because I used to always talk
about personal shopper and it was by OPI
it was my favorite red nail polish and
they actually I think stopped making it
I think and I recently have found a new
favorite red nail polish and I want to
mention this one I think it's perfect
for the holidays but also just in
general it's perfect although if you
don't like shimmer you probably won't
like it but
I personally love it this is called an
affair in Red Square and it's by OPI and
it is so gorgeous it's like this red
shimmery just beautiful color and it
kind of almost has a little bit of like
a gold kind of flecks in it and I
absolutely love it this is my new
favorite red nail polish because it's
glossy because it's shimmery without any
topcoat and I just think it's perfect
for the holidays but also just perfect
when I won over red nails because I
personally like wearing red nails very
very often although in my blast recent
videos I've actually a black on I don't
know if you guys notice that but that's
definitely something different for me I
used to never wear black nail polish but
I've been liking red and black knot
together in front of either one of those
on my nails for the winter so I hope
that you guys oh one last thing
so I'm for what a break I'm actually
probably going on a cruise my family and
if you guys would like me to film vlogs
during that um let me know I haven't
done any like following me around vlogs
lately but I think they would be kind of
fun like getting my sisters and my
family in them and kind of like showing
you the vacation and just like the
places that we go and the stuff we do
and I thought it might be interesting
for you guys to watch so if you'd like
me to do those little vacation vlogs let
me know in the comments below but if you
guys have any video requests again you
can send them to me oh and the last
thing I want to mention I did an
interview with Texas student TV which is
the film crew that works at UT Austin
and it was so fun and the girls were so
sweet and I really loved working with
them so if you want to hear me talk
about kind of how I got started in
YouTube and kind of what my plans for
the future are and just all that kind of
stuff I will link that video right here
definitely go ahead and check it out and
write a sweet comment because Jenny
worked so hard on that video and I just
I'm really glad that it came out the way
it did I think it turned out to be a
really good interview and I just had a
great time working with her and everyone
else from Texas student TV so if you
guys won't check that out again and I'll
be linked right here so you guys have a
lot of different things to check out
from this video and I hope that you guys
enjoyed I have missed you guys but like
I said I've been really crazy busy just
with schoolwork and stuff but soon
enough hopefully I will be able to be
making videos more frequently again and
I will see you guys very soon so again
thanks for watching and I hope you guys
all have a great night bye everyone